Welcome.
What kind of car do you want to see?
It is said that college students pet
Sure enough, it's a pet
This place is full of luxury cars
Hundreds of thousands of millions of units
How could they possibly afford that?
Are you crazy to want to make money?
Do you think the commission is so easy to get?
As long as he enters our store
It's our customer.
Attracting customers is our responsibility
I'm dying of laughter.
College students are really qualified
It's responsibility to open your mouth and shut up
You don't have to pay attention to them.
What kind of car do you want to see? I can introduce it to you.
You two can also test drive
Then take a look at that one
OK
That's nearly 40 million dollars in luxury cars.
I can't even sell you.
You are a micro business
We've all seen a lot.
Come and take a picture.
Then go out and find someone
College students, you have to be careful
They wrecked the car, you pay
Are you a college student with shit in your brain?
Anyone dares
Wang Jindai
You're fired.
Boss, can I get my salary back?
Want salary
All fired
scrap this set bro
how
Still want to hit someone
I don't just hit people
I also want you to close the store.